Joy let Daisy know that the citizenship paperwork will be sent, and Daisy interjected to clarify.
Daisy Or'lient: Oh no please don't send that directly to everyone yet, just give me copies for now to share with Jasmine. We have been running around either preparing to move or moving for almost 10 years. Some of us longer than others. I would love to, personally, but where does that leave others that aren't sure or are just so stressed and worried about, well, everything going on? So, we plan to sit on it after reading through it a bit. We plan to enact some policies that will help, and make it easier when the time is right, and hint at it. But we've only been here less than a month. I suspect actually filling this out and doing what is needed will come in the next 3-6 months or so?
Daisy takes a breath
Daisy Or'lient: Basically, we are fortunate to be mostly family, but don't want to leave those that are not in the lurch and thinking they have to. We hope they will want to. But right now? It's too early and will cause too much confusion to spring this on people.
Daisy puts her hands in her lap and relaxes a bit
Daisy Or'lient: So, now that I've covered that there is something I'd like to inquire about. We'd like to start building relationships with others on world. We are still digesting the multitude of data that you have provided, but we've already started to subtly interact with groups on world. We'd like it to be a bit less subtle at times. Of note, in mission 90 it looks like we had to get very close to the territory of 2 groups (OOC: I can't find mention of their names in thread). I don't want it to be a full on official diplomatic thing. Just a meet and greet with an appropriate gift to say thank you for letting us nearby and make sure we didn't cause any problems for them. Again, not as a GSF thing, but as VoH. If something like that happens again, and we want to go in for whatever reason, I'd like it to not be the first time we talk to them.
Daisy Or'lient: I've talked your ear off, I apologize. Thank you for your time and consideration

Jasmine's Office: 
Speaking in Japanese
Jasmine Or'lient: Glad you decided to enroll in Nejiro Polytech. It's run by a group in the GSF, Loyalty Forsaken, so I hoped it fit what you are looking for.
Dahlia Or'lient: Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. I already picked my classes so I will have a pretty full schedule. Not sure how much I will be able to help Ulam while class is in session.
Jasmine Or'lient: Mostly you will be helping him with the language barrier. He's been doing well, but he's stubborn as hell. Other gearheads can fill in, as needed, while you are dealing school.
Dahlia Or'lient: Is it really ok for me to pick my classes? Some of them are unrelated to mechs at all.
Jasmine Or'lient: You might not work for us forever, and I'd rather you pick your classes, than be forced into things that leave you wanting.
Dahlia visibly relaxes
Dahlia Or'lient: That's a relief, I heard that you picked AIT for Kem and Karenth and got a bit worried.
Jasmine Or'lient: Training isn't optional, but what you train in is. However, for active combatants we don't have a lot of wiggle room, so it's more planned out.
Dahlia Or'lient: Well, in any case, thank you for arranging it and passing it along for me to sign up. I appreciate that it was a choice.

MAWS Training Facility Dorms: 
Kem and Karenth are starting their AIT training. They are being trained by Sho-sa Damiano Miyabara. 
Kem Icetoff: I can't believe the first training exercise is to hit the literal broad side of a barn. 
Karenth Icetoff: I can't believe you missed. But the direct hit on the silo was impressive. 
Kem Icetoff: It hit something at least. The barn is still standing for the next rookie that comes through. 
Karenth Icetoff: You do know they are going to have us repeat this until we hit the barn, right?: 
Kem Icetoff: But I did hit the silo, that was a target you gave me. 
Karenth Icetoff: The barn was always the target. The silo was just in the way. 
Kem Iceotoff: Well, I am glad I'm not the only one messing up. But that means I did hit something I was supposed to!: 
Karenth Icetoff: Yeah... I'm going to bed. I've run like 30 to 40 miles today. 
Kem Icetoff: Little did you know that here, every day is leg day.

TLDR: 
Would like to meet & greet the 2 clans that we came close to in mission 90 for a gift & thank you.
Dahlia is now enrolled in the technical school run by Loyalty Forsaken.
Kem & Karenth are working on hitting the broad side of a barn. (AIT)